I am Yash Kaushik from India. Being an Indian freelance Digital marketing expert , I make sure to take the complete SEO requirements of the clients myself. I audit the entire project myself and decide how I can be helpful in adding meaningful value to the business of my clients.  
For people who want to have an online presence and branding of their business Search engine optimization (SEO) plays a vital role. It is the process through which the website can be improved as per the search engine trends. My goal is to offer top notch SEO services so that the ranking of my client’s website improves and they get more traffic following a successful business.
There are numerous factors which are responsible for the search engine ranking of a website. As an SEO consultant it is my responsibility to improve the rank of my client’s website on the search engines. I understand the strength and weakness of websites and I know how to identify the essential steps in order to get the best results. My strategy involves auditing the website and then planning long term goals for the website so that you enjoy maximum benefits. The planning involves finding the potential of the website and its content, plus what changes can be done to make it better. By applying the perfect keywords and strategies I can get your website great traffic so that your visitor strength increases. 

These days the competition in the SEO market is quite high and people are using competitive methodologies, my strategy as a Freelancer SEO expert is to think beyond the market trends and apply it so that you receive massive traffic in an ethical way. I understand that the SEO rules of most of the search engines are simple and friendly. The relevant results get a better chance to show up on the first page of the search engines including Google. By putting relevant and user friendly methods one can give great experience to the users and keeping that in mind, I offer compelling results. Following the guidelines and respecting the trends one can make the users come again and again to the website. It adds in increasing the visibility on search enhances.

Here is a list of SEO Tips that I always follow: 

1. The first step towards a better online business id to make the website user friendly. It should be constructed and navigated in the right way. Having text links to the quality content is a must in order to make an impact on the search engines. The programming of the website should be done in a way that it is easier for search engines to crawl the data flawlessly. 
2. Finding the right keywords is an important thing. The visitors to a website can be potential customers and they can help in making good sales. If the keywords are made in a way that matches the searches made by the visitors, a heavy traffic can be drawn to the website. 
3. The content of the website is the back bone and if it is strong and rich, success is ensured. The content should be creative, simple, original and compelling so that the visitors are satisfied with the quality of the content. Never use copied stuff or bad content it can hamper the reputation of the site. 
For more info Visit: -<B><A HREF="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kaushikyash">Yash Kaushik</B></A>
